today I'm going to be doing a review of
the 2012 Ford Taurus limited I'm out in
the rain again but I'm doing a review so
I'm happy getting ready for a big
nor'easter that's coming in you know
before I put this before I put the
camera up there was no win and there
were no cars as soon as it goes up every
five seconds now this is Ford's premium
sedan so I'm excited about this review
let's go take a look I did a review of
the 2012 Taurus back in October of 2011
just as the first and only snowstorm of
the winter was approaching New York it's
October 29th and the snow is just coming
down I found it to be a versatile solid
ride it certainly handled the wind rain
and snow with no problem now I'm a big
fan of Ford they've been producing great
vehicles lately and a prime example is
the 2012 Ford Taurus the exterior design
is bold its muscular it looks elegant
but it also looks like it means business
now I'm testing this sweet black limited
model the bold athletic feeling comes
through as you climb into the vehicle
starting with these sculpted plush
leather seats that just cradle you it
has a nice cockpit feel it also has a
hefty steering wheel and luxury
materials throughout the cabin and I was
totally blown away by the interior
design now let's get to ultimately
what's most important the driving
experience the taurus comes standard
with a 3.5 liter v6 engine that
generates 263 horsepower and 249
foot-pounds of torque
now the heft of the vehicle hurts it's
off the line performance expect to go
from 0 to 60 in just under 8 seconds not
muscle car numbers
but the ride is comfortable it's secure
steering is solid and precise and the
suspension does a good job smoothing out
those rough patches in the road overall
this is a quality ride that should not
be overlooked if you're in the market
for a full-size today so there you have
it another honest Auto review from an
average guy if you're in the market for
a full-size sedan you should definitely
take a look at the new Ford Taurus and
I'll see you next time
guess it's time to get out of the rain
hey one day if it ain't one thing it's
another
you